[clang-tidy] Make `modernize-use-using`'s fix-its more robust (#149694)
llvm/llvm-project: clang-tools-extra/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

Changes in existing checks
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Improved :doc:`modernize-use-using
  <clang-tidy/checks/modernize/use-using>` check by removing many incorrect 

>   fixits and providing fixits where before there was only a warning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  fix-its and providing fix-its where before there was only a warning.
```
